We're not gonna necessarily
use this today.
But I think it's really important to
understand because when we work with our
designers, we need to
have a common language.
I think often we expect our designers
to have some idea of HTML, and CSS, and
maybe even JavaScript.
But I think as engineers,
we also need to have some kind of
common terminology with them as well.
So hue was just any old
color on the color wheel.
Saturation is the intensity or
the actual purity of a color.
Luminance is the amount of brightness or
light in a color.
A shade, you actually create a shade by
incorporating black into a base hue, and
this will actually darken your color.
A tint is the opposite, so you would
actually add white to your base hue, and
then that'll lighten the color.
And the last one is tone.
So you would create a tone by combining
black, or white, or gray with a base hue.
You can use tones when you're trying to
create like hover states for example,
this is how you would do that.
>> Are you going to discuss
color naming convention?
>> I'm not, but that's a great point.
So talking about naming colors,
naming is hard.
So typically, you're gonna have primary,
secondary, and tertiary colors,
which we had already discussed
in our color theory section.
And so what you'll typically see, is a lot
of design systems will call it blue-100 or
blue-400, and
these increments of 100 are very standard,
the whole point of numbering these things
is to give a certain amount of leeway.
So let's say I have blue
100 through blue 600,
and I need another shade of blue for some
reason, this happens a lot with neutrals,
okay, cuz we use a lot of
different neutral shades.
And let's say I need to add a new value
in, well, if I have blue 10, blue 20,
there's not as much of a leeway in between
to give additional shades if you need it,
there's only like nine other values that
you could have in between two different
shades of blue.
The 100 is typically pretty standard,
I'm not exactly sure why, but
you'll see a lot of hundred denominations.
So if I needed a blue between 200 to 300,
you would see blue 250 for example.
So you would typically call your colors,
blue, red, yellow, dash 100, 200, 300.
And then I want you to talk about themes,
in color palettes is where you would talk
about primary, secondary, and tertiary.
And you could save those values,
like my primary could be blue 200, so
that's typically how you would name
colors, it was a good question.
Great, okay.
So type skills, if you added textiles,
you should now see them over
here on your right hand sidebar under
Design, you can also see your colors.
And if you actually, let's say highlight
this and you go to the Code tab,
it actually generates your CSS for
you, how cool is that?
A lot of design tools now like Sketch,
Figma, Framer, they're all using
generative code that you can use to have
a conversation with your developers.
I wouldn't necessarily export this
code and throw it into production nor
take a second glance at it, but
it is something that you can
definitely use as a foundation.